Things I have done today:
Finished off the notes popup


TODO
In the error page check whether it is in AJAX_MODE or HTML_MODE


TODO
Add Caching to the GetEmployeeName function in functions.php
(Do not use the DBL or DBO for this.  Make a SelectStatement and load the names into a global array)



Add Adjustments related stuff:
Charge types are from the table ChargeType.  They are either Credit (CR) or Debit (DR) only show the non archived ones.
These have a default amount.  When you add a new adjustment, it does not update this default amount.
Apparently an adjustment can be associated with an invoice, but it doesn't let you select one from the current "Add Adjustment" page.
It has a combobox for it, but the only option you can select is "no association".  Pretty much all you need to do is select the 
Charge Type, change the amount and add a note.
A service can also be associated with an Adjustment.  In the current system, it can be passed to charges_charge_assign.php as a POST
variable.  This is also how the associated invoice is defined.
There should be a function along the lines of "$athAuthentication->AuthenticatedEmployee()" which will return the id of the employee
who is the current user.

TO THINK ABOUT
If I am defining the data to be passed to each of the context menu items, within the application template, how can I pass other
data to the menu item, based on what the user has selected in the page.  For example, I can define what the account number should
be for the "Add Adjustment" menu item, within the application template.  But what if I want to tell "Add Adjustment" what invoice
or service to associate with the adjustment?

TODO TODO TODO
Check out the html code for one of the pages of the existing system that validates input before it lets you continue.

TODO
What does the ChargeType.Fixed do/mean?


I will have to get the employee's number from the current cookie, because it is required of the "add adjustments" popup.
will that mean I will have to check if the cookie has expired?  I think that will be automatically done, whenever
AjaxLoad or Load gets called.  But what if their cookie expires and then they hit submit on the popup?  I would have to 
check user authentication within javascript.

I am assuming that once an adjustment has been entered using the adjustment popup, we will want to return to the invoices
and payments screen and just reload the adjustments table, not the whole page.

TODO TOMORROW:
Continue on with the javascript for the add adjustment page
Check out the TODO comments in html_template/adjustment/add.php



